= Redmine CKEditor plugin

This plugin adds the text formatting for using CKEditor to Redmine.

Since version 1.0.0, it includes {Rich}[https://github.com/bastiaanterhorst/rich] and supports image uploads.

== What is CKEditor?

CKEditor is a WYSIWYG text editor.
See {the official site}[http://ckeditor.com/] for more details.

== Requirements

* Redmine 2.3.x, Ruby 1.9.2 or higher, {ImageMagick}[http://www.imagemagick.org/] (version {1.0.17}[https://github.com/a-ono/redmine_ckeditor])
   # Ubuntu
   apt-get install imagemagick
   # Mac OS X
   brew install imagemagick

* Redmine 2.3.x (version {0.4.0}[https://github.com/a-ono/redmine_ckeditor/tree/0.4.0])

* Redmine 2.2.x (version {0.3.0}[https://github.com/a-ono/redmine_ckeditor/tree/0.3.0])

* Redmine 2.1.x (version {0.2.1}[https://github.com/a-ono/redmine_ckeditor/tree/0.2.1])

* Redmine 2.0.x (version {0.1.1}[https://github.com/a-ono/redmine_ckeditor/tree/0.1.1])

* Redmine 1.1.0 - 1.4.2 (version {0.0.6}[https://github.com/a-ono/redmine_ckeditor/tree/0.0.6])

== Plugin installation and setup

1. Copy the plugin directory into the plugins directory (make sure the name is redmine_ckeditor)
2. Install the required gems (in the Redmine root directory)
    bundle install --without development test
3. Execute migration
    rake redmine:plugins:migrate RAILS_ENV=production
4. Start Redmine
5. Change the text formatting (Administration > Settings > General > Text formatting) to CKEditor
6. Configure the plugin (Administration > Plugins > Configure)

=== Upgrade

1. Replace the plugin directory (plugins/redmine_ckeditor)
2. Install the required gems
    bundle install --without development test
3. Execute migration
    rake redmine:plugins:migrate RAILS_ENV=production
4. Delete old assets
    rm -r public/plugin_assets/redmine_ckeditor
5. Restart Redmine

=== Uninstall

1. Change the text formatting (Administration > Settings > General > Text formatting) to textile
2. Rollback the migration

        rake redmine:plugins:migrate  NAME=redmine_ckeditor VERSION=0 RAILS_ENV=production

3. Delete the plugin directory (plugins/redmine_ckeditor)

== CKEditor customization

=== Plugins

You can download plugins from {Add-ons Repository}[http://ckeditor.com/addons/plugins/all].
To activate the plugin you have to copy the plugin directory into assets/ckeditor-contrib/plugins and restart Redmine, then configure toolbar settings.

=== Skins

You can select third-party skins placed in assets/ckeditor-contrib/skins directory.

=== Configuration options

You can configure {CKEditor settings}[http://docs.ckeditor.com/#!/api/CKEDITOR.config] by using the config/ckeditor.yml file.
    cp plugins/redmine_ckeditor/config/ckeditor.yml.example config/ckeditor.yml

== Migration notes

This plugin stores contents in HTML format and renders as is.
If you have old contents, these look weird.

You can use {redmine_per_project_formatting}[https://github.com/a-ono/redmine_per_project_formatting] plugin for backward compatibility or execute redmine_ckeditor:migrate task for migrating old text to HTML.
    rake redmine_ckeditor:migrate RAILS_ENV=production [PROJECT=project_identifier1,project_identifier2] [FORMAT=textile]

== Upgrading CKEditor (for development)

1. Checkout the new version of CKEditor(full package) in the submodule directory

    git submodule update --init
    cd app/assets/javascripts/ckeditor-releases
    git checkout FULL_VERSION (e.g. full/4.4.6)

2. Execute generator

    rails generate redmine_ckeditor:rich_assets
